[DOCS] adding link blocks, index to md (#1624)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: microservices/multilevel-video-understanding/docs/user-guide/index.md

     Readme
  </a>
</div>
hide_directive-->

This microservice delivers a novel approach to video summarization. By employing a configurable,
multi-level architecture and enhanced temporal modeling, it progressively analyzes video content
to generate significantly more accurate and context-aware summaries.

The overall high-level design is shown as below:

![Multi-level Video Understanding High-level Design](high-level_design.png)

    Figure 1: Multi-level Video Understanding High-level Design

Among all the components, `Multi-level Video Understanding` refers to this microservice.
`Video Chunking` is a library implemented in this Open Edge Platform (OEP) suite:
[video-chunking-utils](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries/tree/main/libraries/video-chunking-utils).
`Vision-Language Model Serving` and `Large Language Model Serving` are dependent
services required by this microservice, running on OpenAI-compatibale APIs.

## Overview

To handle long video summarization, we design a multi-level framework where each level operates

> via a recurrent approach, effectively control the context length to improve computational

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via a recurrent approach, effectively controls the context length to improve computational
```

efficiency and comply with model constraints or GPU memory constraints.

This framework operates in three stages:

1. Detect scene-switch boundaries to segment the long video into chunks.
2. Use VLM to generate captions for each of these short video clips.

> 3. Use LLM hierarchically and recurrently aggregates the textual captions to a coherent global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Detects scene-switch boundaries to segment the long video into chunks.
2. Uses VLM to generate captions for each of these short video clips.
3. Uses LLM hierarchically and recurrently aggregates the textual captions to a coherent global
```
